en su mais que pase lo bien aime usando
desde los ante pasados yaa Sidi
descendants en descendants E&O descend
NJ quiere decir por decir missive
Alito's moves terrible ido stud Estella
Morales lives in the sierra de juarez
mountain range oaxaca southern Mexico
one of the birthplaces of corn farming
corn is the basis of life here but some
say this way of life and farming are at
risk from an invasive outsider which
could eradicate local varieties
genetically modified corn los x que es
una vez que se lebaron en el ambiente se
llama kammula he stole a tener alla
larga or maybe a new Plaza efectos know
the shadows in Las sorry the map us an
indigenous zapotec former an
environmental activist Aldo Gonzalez is
constantly looking out GM corn plants
which are banned in Mexico yo Suh porque
esta en paz transgenic tiene pero no
tiene tantos helotes pero la forma de la
milpa es diferente a las de las demas
whether it's in a Mexico City
neighborhood like this one or estella
morales his kitchen in Oaxaca the
ancient corn tortilla is a universal
food staple in Mexico corn came about as
this distant cousin till simply which
still grows wild in parts was adapted
over millennia through the type of seed
selection Morales still practices today
la Mosca Randy Cisco haze parece media
de la de gran hace con lo de las manos y
agua de su familia commercial planting
of GM corn genetically modified to repel
insects or tolerate herbicide is banned
in Mexico partly due to fears that
pollen ization could endanger thousands
of local varieties GM corn is sometimes
imported from the united states as food
experts who've detected modified genes
in oaxaca corn say those grains often
sprout and pollinates until now the
effect has been minimal but anti-gmo
activists here on high alert the
government has allowed global biotech
firms like us giant Monsanto to plant GM
corn and non-commercial experimental
plots in the country's north groups like
Greenpeace fear full-scale commercial
farming may not be far off with possibly
disastrous consequences yes de
libération commerciale comienza con
taminar los campos lot evo
they're such claims are unwarranted
scaremongering said the biotech firms en
primer lugar de una manipulations decir
sada sada to Los Campesinos desde hace
Quincy a nose que los meses transgenic
O's bana contaminated spcc very da days
las Vanna sir des aparecer vana surmises
de formas MP lessons in Ian fotografías
invitations del maiz Salamanca says the
target GM corn market in Mexico his big
farms in the north and there in any case
the low pass them from native Canaries
like Oaxaca well then he says new
technology should be open to all and an
environmentalist being unfair por tener
estas de razon de decir que siegen con
sus practicas tradicionales no porque es
a son las practicas que yo quiero
conservar a kimono antro polo como
alguien que los observa desde fuera pues
ESO alla larga lo que vão prabhakar esa
pierna de sus Mieses entonces yo SI creo
que un justicia n términos de que hay
que darle a's tambien el rey mientas
technological a los pequeños
agricultural es una cosa que no esta su
CDN the stakes Gemma fahren sie achieve
high priests como si me dices vamos a
tener la bomba atomica a ver cuantos
matamos ya del cual es el efecto know
plus es un experimento que queremos
hacer the Mexican government will
ultimately decide with the GM corn grows
here commercially the main official
overseeing the issue thinks farmers
would accept it if it satisfy their
needs even in places like Oaxaca Dallas
una razón Dallas un beneficio y por
supuesto co-op tienen una tonala de de
de de de su parcela y queda knob tener
dos o tres por supuesto que te van a
decir que si es como se los plan tienes
la plaga porque se smize
could you estella morales at least plans
to stick with what she knows nosotros
estamos acostumbrado sorry stay mice no
no queremos otro mice no no sad Oh tamos
con otro mais este nuestro ya que seguir
lo lo nuestro know Paquito mucho que se
NOS de pero hoy como el creo yo le de
uno pwease no